h1. Software Niagara

Software Niagara is an organization dedicated to fostering a stronger software community in the Niagara Region of
Ontario, Canada.

This project contains the software used to power the Software Niagara website. IT IS A WORK IN PROGRESS AND IS
CURRENTLY UNDER ACTIVE DEVELOPMENT.

h2. More Information

More information on Software Niagara can be had at [http://softwareniagara.com](http://softwareniagara.com).

h2. Required Gems

This application requires this gem:

* "rails":http://rubygems.org/gems/rails

h2. Dependencies

To use this application, you will need:

* The Ruby language (1.9.3)
* Rails (version 3.0.4 or newer)

h2. Installing the Application

* Clone the project to your hard drive
* Run `bundle install`
* Run `rake db:seed`

h2. Getting Started

* Run `rails server` to start the application.

h2. Documentation and Support

This is the only documentation.

h4. Issues

THIS PROJECT IS A WORK IN PROGRESS AND IS CURRENTLY UNDER ACTIVE DEVELOPMENT. There are probably many issues.

h2. Contributing

You may contribute to the Software Niagara platform or your may fork this project to build a similar website for
another group.

If you do make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar,
please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

Developed and maintained by [http://knicklabs.github.com](http://knicklabs.github.com) and
[controlz](https://github.com/controlz) for Software Niagara.

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2012 Software Niagara.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.